It’s called "13" personnel – one running back and three tight ends – and how much you see it this season in the Eagles' offense remains to be seen. The fact that head coach Doug Pederson can dial it up, and do it with players who are going to create matchup nightmares for defenses, is why he’s so excited as he sits back in his chair on the second floor of his NovaCare Complex office and thinks about the way the Eagles can attack in 2018.
“This is as versatile as we’re going to be, as we’ve been since I’ve been here,” Pederson said. “We’ve got some pieces here that we can move around. Matchups are the name of the game in the NFL. You try to create favorable ones and I think that we’ve got players who can do a lot of things for us. It’s exciting to think about what we have, and what we can be.”
Selecting Dallas Goedert in the second round of Saturday’s 2018 NFL Draft and then announcing that running back Darren Sproles agreed to terms for the ’18 season added two weapons to an offense that torched New England for 41 points in Super Bowl LII. This isn’t just a Trey Burton-leaves-and-is-replaced-by-Goedert move for the offense – it’s much more than that because Goedert is a 6-5, 260-pound matchup nightmare for defenses and Sproles is a move-around-the-formation terror in both the running game and the passing game.
Add those two playmakers – and we’re taking the leap of faith here that Goedert will pick up the system quickly and make the transition from smaller-school football (South Dakota State) to the NFL and that Sproles will come all the way back from the torn ACL he suffered in Week 3 of the 2017 season – to an offense that has a varied look at wide receiver, an offensive line that plays dominating football, and a running game with plenty of juice led by Jay Ajayi and Corey Clement – and you can understand why Pederson is so amped up about his group.
“We have a lot of work to do and we know it, but we have some promising pieces to work with,” Pederson said. “We can show you a lot of different looks on a week-to-week basis. We’re going to try to go after what we think are weaknesses in the defense each week. Are we going to be run heavy that week, or are we going to try to spread you out? Can we get our tight ends and our backs in space against linebackers who are great athletes, but not necessarily as polished and proficient in coverage? Is there a defensive back that we can target?
“We have a lot of versatility and we’re going to take full advantage of that.”

The primary tight end in the West Coast offense is the "Y" tight end who plays primarily as a blocker from the line of scrimmage. He’s going to, said Pederson, “be on the line of scrimmage a lot, he’s going to have his hand on the ground a lot, blocking defensive ends, getting up on linebackers, safeties. That’s kind of his primary role. Then you’re going to have a second tight end who in our offense is an "F" tight end, who is more of your pass-route runner, more of your receiving tight end who can play in space. We think we have three tight ends here (including Richard Rodgers) and that makes it even more versatile. If we go to that "13" personnel, we can run the ball at you and we can throw it as well.”
Brent Celek was the primary "Y" for the Eagles, so the Eagles need to define that in-line blocker. All three tight ends, of course, will need to block and be physical and do the dirty work. It certainly helps that the offensive line has the most athletic pair of tackles in the NFL with Jason Peters on the left side and Lane Johnson on the right side. Their ability to play on an island for as much as they do allows the Eagles to get the tight ends out in the passing game where they can do some serious damage.
There is still a bunch to work out here as the Eagles go through the offseason conditioning program and the coaching staff tinkers with the X’s and O’s with new offensive coordinator Mike Groh working hand in hand with Pederson. This much is true, though: As good as the offense was last year, and the Eagles led the league in scoring when Carson Wentz started at quarterback, there is potential for the offense to be even better in 2018, even more unpredictable, more explosive with the ability to create favorable matchups.
“You can draw it up a lot of ways,” Pederson said. “We’re going to take full advantage of the versatility that we have and the flexibility that comes with our players and the packages we can throw out there. Drafting Dallas and bringing back Darren helps our offense quite a bit. You’re looking at wide receivers that are big-play guys and versatile as well, a running game that can attack you, and a line of scrimmage that plays very well together. We’re putting more and more around Carson and that helps him and it helps us.